Detailed Description of Model
The persona of our model in terms of personality + physical aspects and the most sellable
character ‘type’ is as follows:
The story:

The Girl Next Door/Innocent Explorer (Highest Consistency based on research): familiar,
approachable, and dependable.
Type of audience:
A man must feel like she is not a glamorous, luxury Class A escort but he must feel like she is
just someone that is very ‘cute’ and works at the local (for example) cafe that he goes to every
morning to grab his coffee and a sandwich but cannot approach her as it is deemed socially
‘inappropriate’, he is shy, has a wife and kids at home.
She ends up being the reason as to why he keeps coming back to that same cafe just to see
her again and feel like a ‘wanted’ man again as she gradually engages with him and opens up
more.
Men must feel like they CAN actually date her and not just an unreachable woman that they see
on a cat walk. This will in turn create attachment and allow the man to fantasise further which in
turn he will want to see more and NOT straight away (where he spends the money and leaves
the page) as he will feel guilty himself with such an innocent/shy/cute persona of the model. He
will gradually want to ‘unwrap’ her as a person and keep track of her life.
Typical fan age for this type of woman - 25-45 - this age of men is best to target as the lower
end of this are still in their prime but many will not approach a real woman due to intimidation.
The upper median of this age range are successful, unhappy, lonely, likely unhappily married,
bored and are looking to feel ‘young again’. European men and US men at this age are lonely,
introverted, bullied by social media emotionally invested fans. 25-45 year old me
Our Model:
Identity
Name: Lily Harper
Age: 20
Location: Nottingham
Studies: Psychology
Job: Part-time barrister

Her living situation
University Accommodation in her own room
Very cosy, warm ‘artsy’, room with a big window and mirror
Her personality traits
She is warm and friendly
She is very shy yet very curious about the world
She is just getting to know ‘herself’ and is slightly awkward
She is playful once she is comfortable with the person
The way she behaves (im going to add much more to this based on ‘dark’, manipulative
psychology that makes men STAY and ENGAGE.
She consistently asks for reassurance from her fans but not in a ‘beggy’ way but she wants a
man to feel wanted - because that is what makes a man feel like a ‘man’ - when he is helpful
and then he gets praise for this. Men almost get ‘addicted’ to women that constantly reward
them with reassurance that they ‘matter’ and have been helpful.
She therefore consistently asks her followers:

should i post this pic - (knowing that it is 10/10 for her audience)? E.g. “i almost didn’t post this
because i look so awkward 😭”
● Does silly things and laughs at herself when something wrong goes on - her innocent
character will make a man feel like he wants to support her and make her feel better
about her ‘embarassment - nelovkost’
● This in turn increases reply rates as again the MEN feel like their opinion matters in her
small day to day life.
MORE TBC on her behavioural characteristics to follow
Her appearance (Based on things i have seen on insta, statistics of what an average
European man likes)
● Not influencer type
● Minimalistic
● A bit messy - not ‘polished’ ,not fake botox, lip filler, surgery, no fake eyelashes
● Youthful
Height
● 5’2 - 5’4 - European men prefer smaller woman and this makes her more average which
in turn feels more relatable
Body Type
● Healthy weight for a short woman - NOT thin (52-55kg)
Soft and natural womanly curves - VERY slight hourglass/pear shape - not BBL
● Somewhat athletic but like an average woman not a fitness influencer - has to have very
natural proportions to again reinforce the GIRL NEXT DOOR (relatable, approachable)
Face Structure
● Heart shaped
● Soft oval shape
● gentle jawline
● slightly rounded cheeks
● subtle chin.
● These characteristics support the young, innocent, youthful face.
Eyes

- Slightly Larger Eyes - youthful
● - rounded shape
● - slightly soft eyelids.
● - most likely blue by statistics but brown eyes remain the most believable and common.
(we will have to try both to see what we think is best)

Eyebrows
Have to be very natural - fake eyebrows make men RUN
● - Soft arch
● - slightly messy natural look
Nose
small-to-medium size
● straight bridge
● slightly rounded tip
**●
Lips
only very natural - no filler like
● - fuller bottom lip
● - thinner top lip
● - natural pink look
●
●
● Skin colour**
natural freckles around nose and cheeks (very slightly)
warm colour skin
Hair (based on dating apps stats) - matches the basic Girl Next Door vibe - no dark or
very light
either dark blonde
brunnette
soft light brown
just below shoulder length
loose waves
ponytail in some pics - very casual student girl / barrister aesthetic
Smile
Slight dimple on one cheek (youthfulness, innocence, unique feature)\
Straight teeth
Slightly wide smile
Makeup Style
● light foundation
● soft blush
● natural eyebrows
● subtle mascara
● neutral lip tint.
Possible details:
● faint freckles
● small beauty mark near cheekbone
● slightly uneven smile

● messy hair strands. Hands & Small Details
Small details help realism.
Hands:
● natural nails
● short or medium length
● neutral nail color
Jewelerry:
● small silver necklace
● thin rings
● sometimes small hoop earrings
●